Do a little bit of refactoring just
to see some of this in action.
So, I am going to take the character
cards that we saw earlier.
Layer.
And you can see that if
I go into table row,
We say, okay, we have this idea
of a table row on that card and
just to remind you what they look like.
This is the table row over here.
We have all the factors that are on one of
these characters; alignment intelligence,
strength, speed, so on and so forth.
The table row or cell says give
me a heading of a string and
give me a value that is either a string,
or a number.
And that's cool, but like I would
love if I could give myself some
protection to not miss type,
like literally misspell one of those rows.
I want to like instead of being no
pass in anything I wanna say no,
I want to give you like one of the known.
One of the known things that are going
to be on that character type is
defined if we look at it here.
I believe it's in character
information characters.
Yeah.
Like we know what's on a character object.
I would love to only be able
to pass in one of these.
And not be able to like misspell
something right, and so
instead of going to character information.
I could theoretically.
Misspell alignment.
I'm not gonna get any,
there's no safety around that.
I just hope that it's all fine.
That's not great.
I'd love to say like, hey, I can only make
table rows that match to one of the types.
Could I like had code that in?
Yeah, but you can see how this
could get unwieldy, right?
You can see a world where hard
coding in every possibility and
then updating it throughout
the codebase becomes problematic.
What I might wanna do, it means I
have to change stuff in two places.
This code is not dry if I add a new
property onto character type.
I then also have to add that same
property on to the table row props.
That's not great.
What I love to do is like, hey,
look at the character type, and
figure out what
the properties are on that.
And that should be the stuff I'm
allowed to pass into the table row.
That seems like better, right?
So what would that look like for us?
Let's take a look.
Let's go into this table row.
And we can pull in,
we have character type available.
Well we want to say instead
of having been a string,
had ABS string could be
the key of character type.
Right, so now this is technically broken
and we'll figure why in a second.
But you can see it's like,
hey, but if you look at
this heading is now,
it's not just any string.
It has to be named alignment,
intelligence, strengths, get it.
And we can pass it in.
Now the problem is that I
want them to be capitalized.
And the type definition
has them all lowercase.
There are three ways I can handle this.
I could make it uppercase in
JavaScript programmatically
inside the react component.
I could use CSS.
Or, I could just fix my types,
which considering
this as a course on TypeScript seems to
be the most appropriate of the three.
So we will go in,
we'll go with that, so okay?
What we do in this case,
let's go back to the table row.
We can use that we thought we
had that capitalized before.
So we could actually
combine some of these.
We can also say capitalize
key character type.
Yes, lint is angry at me, but
we will see that it works.
I'm no longer getting yelled at and
you can look if you hover over it.
As you can see that is now name
alignments, so on and so forth, or
any of these table rows.
Now technically name is used here so
if I wanted to be even more.
I wanted to kind of combine even more
this make sure that name wasn't included.
I can also,
there's two ways I could do it.
I can do it with omit or I can do with
exclude, let's try with exclude first.
So we could take yeah Yeah,
we can continue,
this is a little exclude, Name.
So now you can see that name
is not included in that list.
And we have,
like I was giving this component to
somebody else on my team to use, right?
It's already enforcing a lot of that
safety in there and a lot of the kinda
constraints that make it used the way
that it was designed to be used.
And kind of again, help everyone to
avoid just like silly little bugs.
It'll happen before a deadline.
Yeah, I know that these are all
strings and numbers, but
you could also say like, okay,
go look at that type as well.
And the value should only be one of
the values that are in the object, so
I could say, Character type.
Right now we can see that this is
really just a string or a number again.
But now it's based off the type Instead
of me hard coding it in myself.
Alright, so now you have an exercise.
This is all, yeah, this is a little too
simple, but let's, go for it right.
Like clearly it's all in the same file,
but you can imagine how in a slightly
larger code base,
some of this might play out, which is.
We have this idea of a user model.
But it's got this idea of account ID,
which maybe we don't want to let
people use based on that model.
So we won't have a type that
is based on user model.
But with all the properties that are on
user model, except for account ID.
And we don't want like yeah,
could I copy and
paste and
remove a line I totally could write.
But we want to have is a type
that is based on this user model.
And this might be our current
user prompts in this case, but
doesn't allow for account ID.
That way we can't accidentally display it
on the UI, or something along those lines.